in 1985 Maine lighthouse keeper Thomas
curry rescues Atlanta the queen of the
underwater nation of Atlantis they
eventually fall in love and have a son
named Arthur who was born with the power
to communicate with marine life forms
Atlanta is forced to abandon her family
and return to Atlantis and trusting to
her advisor Valco with the mission of
training Arthur under Val COEs guidance
Arthur becomes a skilled warrior but
rejects Atlantis upon learning that
Atlanta was executed for having a
half-breed son in the present one year
after the events of Justice League were
Steppenwolf invaded Arthur confronts a
group of pirates attempting to hijack a
Russian naval nuclear submarine their
leader Jesse Kane dies during the
confrontation while his son David vows
revenge
another Russian submarine discovers
atlantis and attacks it but arm the
ocean master succeeds in destroying it
and uses it as a reason to commence war
king Nereus of Zemel swears allegiance
to ORMs cause but his daughter Meera who
has been betrothed to orme refuses to
aid them and journeys to the surface to
ask Arthur for help earning his trust by
saving Thomas from a tsunami sent by
Orman Arthur reluctantly accompanies
Meera to a rendezvous with Valco who
urges Arthur to find the Trident of
Aadland
a magic artifact that once belonged to
Atlanta's first ruler in order to
reclaim his rightful place as king they
are ambushed by ORMs men and Mira and
Valco escape without having been seen
while Arthur is captured
Arthur is chained and presented before
arm who blames Arthur and the surface
for Atlanta's death he offers Arthur an
opportunity to leave forever
but Arthur instead challenges him to a
duel in a ring of underwater lava or
gains the upper hand and nearly kills
Arthur before Meera rescues him together
Arthur and Meera journey to the Sahara
Desert where the Trident was forged and
unlock a holographic message that leads
them to Sicily Italy where they
retrieved the Trident coordinates
meanwhile form provides David with a
prototype Atlanta in battle suit to kill
Arthur in prisons Valco after revealing
knowledge of his betrayal and courses
the Atlantean kingdom of the fisherman
to pledge their allegiance to him and
his campaign against the surface after
modifying ORMs technology a fully
armored David rechristened himself as
Black Manta and ambushes Arthur and
Meera in Sicily injuring Arthur before
be
thrown off a cliff to his apparent death
Mira nurses Arthur's wounds as they
journey to the tridents whereabouts and
encourages him to embrace his destiny as
a hero arriving at their destination
Arthur and Mira are attacked by the
amphibious monsters called the trench
but managed to fend them off and reach a
wormhole that transports them to an
uncharted sea located at the center of
the earth
there they are unexpectedly reunited
with Atlanta who was sacrificed to the
trench for her crimes but managed to
escape and reach the Uncharted sea where
she has been stranded ever since Arthur
faces keraton a mythical Leviathan and
keeper of the Trident and voices his
determination to protect both Atlantis
and the surface proving his Worth and
reclaiming the Trident which grants him
control over the seven seas arm and his
allies lead an army against the
crustacean forces of the kingdom of the
brine with the intent of completing ORMs
surface battle preparations as Orem
declares himself ocean master Arthur and
Amira
with the assistance of Charon and the
trench intervene and lead an army of
marine creatures in a battle against him
forms followers renounce their obedience
to him and embrace Arthur as the true
king upon learning he wields the Trident
Arthur defeats arm in combat but chooses
to spare his life and arm accepts his
fate after discovering Arthur is found
and rescued Atlanta Atlanta returns to
the surface to reunite with Thomas while
Arthur ascends to the throne with Meera
by his side in a mid-credits scene
David is rescued by dr. Steven chin a
scientist and conspiracy theorist
obsessed with the Atlanteans and agrees
to lead shin there in exchange for his
help in his revenge on Arthur
you